Factors investigated by Martinez Neda et al. [5] that are applicable to continuing students. For extended factors,  the response for each factor is applicable for all questions. Students were counted if they responded positively to any included question

Factor: CS Classmates (renamed to Classmate Support)
Associated survey question: With how many other students from your ICS classes do you spend non-school time?
Response: None
Extended factors associated survey questions:
How many friends and/or people from your study group did you sit with regularly during lectures?
How many friends and/or people from your study group did you sit with regularly during discussions?

Factor: Passing Satisfaction
Associated survey question: (Likert) I am satisfied with just passing all my classes regardless of the letter grade.
Response: Agree

Factor: Role Models
Associated survey question: (Likert) I have positive role model(s) that encourage me to continue in the ICS associated major/minor.
Response: No

Factor: Mental Health
Associated survey question: (Likert) In the past quarter, my mental health has often affected my academic success.
Response: Often
Extended factors associated survey questions:
(Likert) In the past quarter, I’ve had problems with academic work, social life, or job performance due to emotional distress (ex: depression, sadness).
(Likert) In the past quarter, I’ve had problems with academic work, social life, or job performance due to feeling on edge, nervous, or anxious.

Factor: Leaving CS
Associated survey question: (Likert) Since entering my computing major/minor, I have seriously thought about changing to a different major or minor.
Response: Agree

Factor: Sense of Belonging
Associated survey question: (Likert) I feel like I belong in the computing major/minor school.
Response: Disagree

Factor: Socioeconomic Status
Associated survey questions:
(Likert) I feel that my current financial situation negatively impacts my academic success.
(Likert) My work responsibilities interfere with my academic success.
(Likert) Because of work, I have limited time to study.
(Likert) My time commitments limit the amount of time I have to study (commute, lectures, office hours engagement, etc.).
Response: Always
